«I'll rescue you from this horrid house arrest Lizabeth. I'll take you away on a test trip after I've deployed my TimeShip code.» Says Ruby.

«Knock! Knock!» Floats up from The Bridge below.

«Who's there!?» Says Ruby.

«Wolf-Wolf! Fox! Sheriff!!» Croaks Kiwi.

«OH! No! It's the Sheriff of London is knocking at my door downstairs. Behind him is super spy Fulvia "The Fox" Renard and a pack of her wolfy backend buddies.» Says Lizabeth looking down on The Bridge below.

«Noooo! Why must the super spy stop us now! We're SOOO close!» Says Ruby.

«Yes super spy Fulvia "The Fox" Renard was blazingly fast at finding fake proof to lock me up in the Tower. But YOU can still Ruby.» Says Lizabeth.

«Without you? WHY?! Getting you out of horrible house arrest for good is The Whole Point! Please come away with me.» Says Ruby.

«I will just look guilty if I run away now. You must go alone to the far future. And send yourself and the PiRATE_PRiNCESS back here. And break me out of The Tower. And make a safe getaway. That's three new Gatsby functions. I know it's a lot, but you CAN do it.» Says Lizabeth.

«It's too much. How can I learn three new Gatsby functions at once?» Ruby sits down heavily on the tiny deck of her pink and yellow TimeShip.

«Didn't your father tell you "tiny tasks, break the new Gatsby function down into tiny tasks and automate one tiny task in your brain at a time"?» Says Captain Json.

«My dead the backend-baddy daddy?! Yeah he said THAT, but....» Says Ruby head in hands.

«I have a great gift from your dead backend engineer father. He said "Give this gift to Ruby when she gets into REAL dangerous trouble with sneaky super spy Fulvia "The Fox" Renard and her pack of wolfy backend engineers." It's a great gift. Take it!» Says Captain Json.

«What IS this? A pen?!» Says Ruby disappointed and disbelieving.

«Your Father's Fountain pen. This is the weapon a Gatsby-Function-Pirate. Not as clumsy or random as a cannon. An elegant weapon for a more .... golden age.» Says Lizabeth.

«Oh....» Ruby holds up the pen like a saber.

«Your father used THAT pen to write tiny tasks for all his greatest Gatsby functions.» Says Captain Json.

«OK! In the name of I will go to the far future and make my comeback with a Great Gatsby Pirate Princess. Together we will write The Three Greatest Gatsby Functions of London Bridge and save Princess Lizabeth from Mighty Mary's Mad Masterplan! Req! Res! Kiwi! Get aboard my TimeShip! Good bye friends!» Ruby hugs Json and hugs Lizabeth. Climbs aboard her pink and yellow TimeShip. Deploys. Pushes the start button and ....

«Rrr-RRR!» Says the pink and yellow  TimeShip.

«Ka-Poof!»

A pink and yellow cloud mushrooms up, up and up high over London Bridge. Pink and yellow snowflakes float down, like large gull feathers.

P.S

I am so pleased to see your still here!

By "here", I mean the inner circle of our email list :)

We do things a bit differently here as you might have noticed, so let me prepare you for what's about to come...

For six years I've been obsessed with practicing programming in a way tht
makes building skills dramatically playfuller.

Sure, I could dump all of my thoughts about this on a website and call it a day, but that would be like sending you to a musty old library and leaving you there by yourself.

Articles on a website are not interactive - they're just a bunch of static posts that you'd anonymously dig through (and probably out of order).

Instead, I will send out what I've discovered about playfuller programming practice bit by bit in real time. I believe that you'll learn (and put things into action) much better this way.

Best of all, I'll invite you to reply with questions, comments, cheers and jeers in every message. Unlike a website, email is inherently two-way and I look forward to reading every reply.

Every Sunday, I will send you something to help you improve your programming practice.

The five main topic areas that I'll cover are Gatsby Functions, playfull programming practice, mindfull programming practice, automating tiny tasks, and using storytelling to help memorize important things.

You're going to get a ton of value, delivered in your inbox.

I am also going to—surprise!!—tell you about my products and services.

If you ever decide you don't want this information—or your needs change—there's an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each and every email. (Look, here's one now! {{ unsubscribe_url }}). Just click it and we'll part ways, no hard feelings!

If you send me an email complaining about getting too many emails from me, I will immediately delete you from my list.

But really, I don't think it will come to that. Why? Because you're about to get a steady, slow drip of very useful information! :)

It'll be like giving your Programming practice a weekly shot of vitamin B12.

So.... WELCOME! I'm glad you're here.

Please hit the REPLY button in your email client right now and give me a 1-sentence summary of what your last successful Gatsby practice session looked like for your business. Heck, even a short phrase is fine. I'd really love to know!

(or)

Please hit the REPLY button in your email client right now and give me a 1-sentence summary of what successful use of a Gatsby function would look like for your. Heck, even a short phrase is fine. I'd really love to know!

Ola Vea
The Piraty Gatsby Scribe
